hello this is day number 14 of cycling
by 60 valium and there is an LG
everywhere
it's all on sand everywhere glass
go
there are the results after today so 0-0
night ruggiero night raids but the only
concerned about is if I'm getting a both
reading because there is hair algae in
the aquarium sound worried that the hair
algae is consuming all the nitrates
before I can actually test them so there
might actually still be nitrates in the
aquarium so I'm just going to wait a few
more days before I put any snails in
here or anything like that and okay this
track is not working I'm gonna take this
off
alright so I had a problem with my
floats which apparently it got stuck and
raised the water level water level
raised all the way up to the top almost
spilled over and that brought my
salinity to 1.0 23 which sucks so I
emailed digital aquatics and they told
me that I should have my pump plugged
into channel one instead of channel
three so hopefully that fixes it and
then I got my pho 50 points for you so
if it stays around laughs yeah that's
that so I'll wait a few more days when
i'll put a lot of snails in here and
give you a clip of my refugium
I've seen some worms in the refugium I
saw bristle 1 i'm in there and I saw a
feather duster on this rock here who's
filling is too bright now so you can't
see him sorry the glass is really dirty
I just don't feel like cleaning it until
the cycle is completely done just
because I'm lazy look at all that algae
like look at that was nasty how long
that is this long strand here so there's
so yeah probably this weekend I'll go
out and get a lot of snails and that
stuff and I still have not had a chance
to use this be ionic calcium and
alkalinity shut up thank you alright so
that's it thanks for watching comment
whatever apps books and things